OSDOCS-4650 adding relnotes template adoc to MicroShift 4.12 (#53503)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_release_notes/microshift-4-12-release-notes.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="microshift-4-12-release-notes"]
= {product-title} {product-version} release notes
include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
:context: release-notes

toc::[]

// Update All for MicroShift; text is FPO (for placement only)

> Red Hat {product-title} provides developers and IT organizations with an OpenShift-like experience for small form factor and edge computing, delivered as an application that customers can deploy on top of their managed RHEL devices at the edge. {product-title} is designed to make control plane restarts economical and be lifecycle-managed as a single unit by the operating system. Updates, roll-backs, and config changes become a matter of staging another version in parallel and then - without relying on a network - flipping to/from that version and restarting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red Hat {product-title} provides developers and IT organizations with an OpenShift-like experience for small form factor and edge computing, delivered as an application that customers can deploy on top of their managed RHEL devices at the edge. {product-title} is designed to make control plane restarts economical and be lifecycle-managed as a single unit by the operating system. Updates, roll-backs, and configuration changes become a matter of staging another version in parallel and then - without relying on a network - flipping to or from that version and restarting.
```
to/from: see https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-slashes
config: see https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-abbreviations

I am not sure about, and cannot find any guidance on using 'OpenShift-like'.

Reviewer: @ShaunaDiaz  for the preview, can you generate one without the slashes so we can see what the rendering is (and then add them back per your needs)? Thanks!

Reviewer: /remove-label peer-review-in-progress
/label peer-review-done
